When to use Babylon Native (#1035)
BabylonJS/BabylonNative: Documentation/WhenToUseBabylonNative.md

in C (as so many of them are) for use in some spatially-inclined scientific
field such as astronomy. Adding a visualizer to this existing codebase
would be extremely difficult to do from scratch, and the resulting 
visualizer would likely be very rudimentary in its appearance and 
capabilities. However, a visualizer built on Babylon Native could very
easily be encapsulated behind a C API and added to the existing codebase,
providing the full rendering power of Babylon.js at a very, very minimal
code cost.

In short, in all the ways that Babylon Native technologies are "last 
resort" choices from a Web-first perspective, Babylon Native should be
among the first options considered when looking at adding rendering from 
a native-first perspective. Of course, Babylon Native will not be as fast
or powerful as a full-native gaming solution like Unity or Unreal, so
native usages that require that kind of top-tier power will likely not be 
able to make do with Babylon Native. However, for native apps looking to 
quickly and easily add feature-rich rendering, few alternatives will 
provide as much rendering capability for as little native infrastructure 

> cost as Babylon Native can offer.

Reviewer: The arguments for using Babylon Native may be download size. Maybe we can incorporate this into the text?

#### Do you already have existing expertise and/or preferences for React Native, or do you need native capabilities that aren't provided by normal Web APIs (such as AR on iOS)?
-   [Yes.](#babylon-react-native-is-probably-a-good-choice-for-your-project)
-   [No.](#there-may-be-other-choices-better-suited-to-your-project-than-babylon-native-technologies)

#### Is your app built on React Native, another JavaScript-using platform (including Web or hybrid app platforms), or non-JavaScript technologies?
-   [My app is a React Native app.](#babylon-react-native-is-probably-a-good-choice-for-your-project)
-   [My app's platform uses JavaScript, but it isn't made with React Native.](#there-may-be-other-choices-better-suited-to-your-project-than-babylon-native-technologies)
-   [My app's platform doesn't inherently use JavaScript.](#do-you-have-exceptional-rendering-requirements-such-as-aaa-quality-graphics-or-extreme-performance-needs)

***

## Babylon Native is probably a good choice for your project!

Congratulations! If you ended up here, then we think Babylon Native may

> be a suitable choice for adding 3D to your project. Typically, 

Reviewer: We shouldn't assume 3D. Babylon Native can be used for scenarios that require access to the GPU.

applications for which Babylon Native is well-suited tend to be developed
as true native apps (C++, C#, etc.) which require 3D rendering as a 
feature, though not necessarily the focus. Examples might include the
following:

-   A presentation app written in C# that needs to be able to render 3D 
    as well as 2D content.
-   A scientific simulation utility written in Java that wants to be able 
    to render data in 3D.
-   A 3D content generation tool written in C++ that wants to be able to 
    preview its output.

> The main reason Babylon Native is well-suited for these scenarios is 
> because Babylon Native makes it possible to bring Babylon.js's 
> rendering capabilities into native applications with *extremely* minimal
> requirements regarding app and development infrastructure. In other words,
> Babylon Native is perhaps the simplest way to add Web-style 3D rendering
> to a native application without having to pivot that application to 
> *become* a Web app.

Reviewer: nit: just to avoid "js`s"

```suggestion
The main reason Babylon Native is well-suited for these scenarios is 
because Babylon Native makes it possible to bring the rendering
capabilities of Babylon.js into native applications with *extremely* minimal
requirements regarding app and development infrastructure. In other words,
Babylon Native is perhaps the simplest way to add Web-style 3D rendering
to a native application without having to pivot that application to 
*become* a Web app.
```

project:

-   When the project is already being built with React Native and wants to
    add 3D as simply as possible.
-   When the project requires capabilities that aren't typically exposed
    to Web-like platforms.

In the former case, if your app is already committed to React Native as a 
platform, Babylon React Native is one of two options to add 3D to
your project using Babylon.js. The second of these options is to simply
use Babylon.js in a WebView, and there are some advantages to this 
approach: it can sometimes yield better JavaScript performance (on iOS,
WebViews are allowed to run JavaScript with JIT enabled while React 
Native, and consequently Babylon React Native, are not) and it will 
provide access to the very latest Babylon.js features, which may not 
always be available in Babylon React Native. However, there are 
disadvantages as well: a WebView will create a second JavaScript context
distinct from React Native's main JavaScript context and you will have to
manage communication between the contexts manually, which can be complex
and may negatively impact memory footprint as you pay the memory cost for

> two JavaScript contexts instead of one. Furthermore, running inside a 

Reviewer: It may also be prohibitively slow to send the data across.

Author: I'd assume that would depend on how chatty the relationship is, so I don't know how broad a claim we can make, but I'll add a callout to potential performance impacts.
